This program, "Genozip", which includes four tools (genozip, genounzip,
genocat and genols), source code, object code, executables, documentation
and other files, was developed by Divon Lan ("Developer") and is
copyright (C) 2019-2022 Black Paw Ventures Limited ("Licensor"). All
rights reserved.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE

1. Definitions.

"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use as defined by
Sections 1 through 7 of this document.

"Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other
entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control
with that entity. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i
) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of
such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty
percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial
ownership of such entity.

"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising
permissions granted by this License.

"Derivative Works" shall mean any work that is based on (or derived from)
Genozip and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations,
or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of
authorship. For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works shall not
include works that remain separable from Genozip and Derivative Works
thereof.

Other words and terms in this License shall be interpreted as their usual
meaning in the context of a software product.

2. Grant of copyright license. Licensor hereby grants to You a limited
non-exclusive copyright license to use Genozip for any the following
limited purposes subject to the conditions attached to each purpose, and
subject to the terms and conditions of this License:

   a. For academic research, educational or training purposes.

   b. For another non-commercial purpose, if it has been pre-approved by
Licensor in writing. Email register@genozip.com to seek such an approval.

   c. For any legal purpose, if a Commercial License was purchased and
paid for, and for the duration that it is in effect. For details, see
https://genozip.com/commercial.html or email sales@genozip.com.

   d. For any legal purpose, if use is limited to the three tools:
genounzip, genocat, genols.

   e. For the purpose of evaluating Genozip, for a duration of 30 days.

   f. For the purpose of distributing Genozip to others via a platform
that is free of charge, including (but not limited to) an Internet
website, a package or container management system, or a module on an
institutional HPC.

3. Additional Terms and conditions

   a. You must fully and accurately complete the registration, either by
completing the registeration as prompted by the genozip tool or by
receiving registration confirmation after registering by emailing
register@genozip.com.

   b. Using Genozip to compress a file is only permitted if the file is
retained in its original form as well or the potential loss of data due
to Genozip not being able to uncompress the compressed file would not
cause any harm.

   c. Creation of Derivative Works is not permitted, unless prior written
permission is obtained from Licensor.

   d. Any software source code intentionally submitted for inclusion in
Genozip by You to the Licensor shall imply complete and irrevocable
assignment by You to Licensor of all copyright in the submitted source
code.

4. Unauthorized use of Genozip. Use for a purpose other than as permitted
in section 2 or failing to register as required by section 3a shall be
considered unauthorized use of Genozip. In this case, You agree that
Licensor shall be eligible to 20% ownership of any revenue generated and
intellectual property created that involved the unauthorized use of
Genozip.

5. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
origin of the Genozip

6. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to
in writing, Licensor provides Genozip on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied,
including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON
-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You
are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or
redistributing the Genozip and assume any risks associated with Your
exercise of permissions under this License.

7. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless
required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts
) or agreed to in writing, shall Licensor or Developer be liable to You
for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this
License or out of the use or inability to use Genozip (including but not
limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure
or malfunction, file corruption, data loss, or any and all other
commercial damages or losses), even if Licensor or Developer have been
advised of the possibility of such damages.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Genozip license version: 13.0.20

